The old ancestor went to forestry as my husband
And you saved my life.
So I heard.
This iron roll alchemy book can make Kunlun make a move once
I want to use this opportunity, Sister Paulin, the salesperson.
Are you crazy, my son?
This has to be an opportunity for our family to teach
It looks more and more like
Forestry is the apprentice of the ancestors
Forestry is the new director.
Miss Qin's iron roll pill book can be used once
But it doesn't mean that forestry can insult the Kunlun family
Nice
Your behavior is tantamount to insulting the Kunlun family
Miss Qin
A man like Forestry is not worth it
Don't be fooled by him.
I don't need ungrateful people
Teachers do things
I don't understand what you're saying to me.
I also hope that the mouse will look online
Let them withdraw
Are you sure you want to take advantage of the opportunity for your home to take off in the future?
In exchange for your so-called labor prisoners
Fiance's life?
I'm sure. What a pity!
They're not mine.
They don't listen.
They don't listen to you.
These people are all my apprentices
The new Lord of Kunlun
Cultivated several great princes
Only for his life